A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	
A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .	
A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	
A bad movie that happened to good actors .	
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .	
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .	
A beautiful , entertaining two hours .	
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	
A beautiful paean to a time long past .	
A beautifully observed character piece .	
A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	
A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .	
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	
A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	
A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	
A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .	
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .	
A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	
A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .	
A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	
A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	
A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	
A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	
A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .	
A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	
A captivating new film .	
A cartoon ?	
A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .	
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	
A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	
A charmer from Belgium .	
A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	
A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .	
A charming but slight comedy .	
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	
A chick flick for guys .	
A chiller resolutely without chills .	
A chilling movie without oppressive gore .	
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	
A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .	
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	
A cockeyed shot all the way .	
A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	
A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	
A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	
A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	
A coming-of-age film	
A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	
A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .	
A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	
A compelling film .	
A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	
A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .	
A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	
A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	
A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .	
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .	
A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	
A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	
A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	
A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .	
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .	
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	
A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	
A dazzling dream of a documentary .	
A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .	
A decidedly mixed bag .	
A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	
A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	
A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	
A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	
A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .	
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	
A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .	
A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .	
A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .	
A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .	
A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .	
A drama ?	
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .	
A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	
A dreary indulgence .	
A dreary movie .	
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .	
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	
A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .	
A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .	
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	
A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .	
A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .	
A faster paced family flick .	
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	
A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	
A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .	
A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	
A fifty car pileup of cliches .	
A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .	
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	
A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	
A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	
A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
A film that loses sight of its own story .	
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
A film that will enthrall the whole family .	
A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .	
A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .	
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	
A flawed but engrossing thriller .	
A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	
A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .	
A French film with a more down-home flavor .	
A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	
A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .	
A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .	
A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	
A fun ride .	
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	
A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .	
A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	
A generic international version of a typical American horror film .	
A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .	
A genuine mind-bender .	
A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	
A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	
A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	
A glorious mess .	
A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .	
A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .	
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	
A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .	
A grating , emaciated flick .	
A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .	
A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .	
A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .	
A half-assed film .	
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .	
A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .	
A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	
A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	
A hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic French nuance .	
A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	
A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	
A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .	
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .	
A humorless journey into a philosophical void .	
A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	
A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .	
A jaw-droppingly beautiful work	
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	
a joyous occasion	
A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	
A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .	
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	
A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .	
A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	
A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .	
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	
A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .	
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	
A little objectivity could have gone a long way .	
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .	
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	
A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .	
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	
A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	
A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	
A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .	
A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .	
A lot smarter than your average Bond .	
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	
A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .	
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	
A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .	
A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .	
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	
A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .	
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	
A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .	
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .	
A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	
A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	
A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	
A mess .	
A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .	
A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	
A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...	
A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .	
A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .	
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .	
A modestly surprising movie .	
A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '	
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .	
A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	
A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	
A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .	
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .	
A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .	
A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .	
A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .	
A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .	
A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .	
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	
A moving and important film .	
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer	
A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	
A moving picture that does not move .	
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .	
A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .	
A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .	
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	
A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .	
A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	
A negligible British comedy .	
A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	
A noble failure .	
A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	
A non-mystery mystery .	
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .	
A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .	
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	
A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .	
A perceptive , good-natured movie .	
A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .	
A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .	
A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	
A picture as erratic as its central character .	
A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .	
A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	
A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	
A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	
A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	
A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	
A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	
A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	
A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .	
A porn film without the sex scenes .	
A portrait of an artist .	
A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .	
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	
A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .	
A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .	
A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .	
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	
A processed comedy chop suey .	
A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	
A puzzling experience .	
A quaint , romanticized rendering .	
A quiet , disquieting triumph .	
A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .	
A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .	
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .	
A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	
A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .	
A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .	
A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	
A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	
A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	
A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	
A relative letdown .	
A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .	
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .	
A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .	
A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .	
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .	
A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	
A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	
A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .	
A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .	
A riveting story well told .	
A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '	
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	
A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .	
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	
A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .	
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	
A selection of scenes in search of a movie .	
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	
A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	
A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	
A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .	
A sentimental mess that never rings true .	
A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .	
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	
A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .	
A serious movie with serious ideas .	
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .	
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	
A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	
A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	
A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	
A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .	
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .	
A slight but sweet film .	
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .	
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .	
A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .	
A small gem from Belgium .	
A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .	
A small movie with a big heart .	
A small movie with a big impact .	
A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	
A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	
A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .	
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .	
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	
A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .	
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	
A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	
A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .	
A solidly entertaining little film .	
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	
A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .	
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	
A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...	
A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	
A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .	
A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .	
a stereotype	
A stirring road movie .	
A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	
A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	
A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	
A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two	
A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	
A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	
A stylish thriller .	
A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .	
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	
A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .	
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	
A surprisingly funny movie .	
A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	
A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	
A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	
A tasty slice of droll whimsy .	
A taut , sobering film .	
A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .	
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	
A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	
A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .	
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	
A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	
A thought-provoking picture .	
A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	
A three-hour cinema master class .	
A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .	
A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	
A thriller without a lot of thrills .	
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .	
A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .	
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	
A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	
A timid , soggy near miss .	
A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	
A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	
A tone poem of transgression .	
A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .	
A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	
A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	
A tremendous piece of work .	
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	
A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	
A true pleasure .	
A true-blue delight .	
A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .	
A very capable nailbiter .	
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	
A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .	
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .	
A very pretty after-school special .	
A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	
A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .	
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '	
A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	
A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	
A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	
A weird and wonderful comedy .	
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	
A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	
A well-acted , but one-note film .	
A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .	
A well-crafted letdown .	
A well-executed spy-thriller .	
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .	
A well-put-together piece of urban satire .	
A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	
A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .	
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	
A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .	
A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	
A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	
A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .	
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	
A witty , low-key romantic comedy .	
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .	
A wonderful , ghastly film .	
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	
A wordy wisp of a comedy .	
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	
A wry , affectionate delight .	
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .	
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	
Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .	
Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	
About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .	
About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .	
About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .	
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	
About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .	
About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	
about the hard-partying	
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	
Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .	
Absolutely not .	
Absorbing character	
Absurdities and	
According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .	
Action - mechanical .	
Adam SANDLER !	
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	
Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	
Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .	
Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '	
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .	
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	
Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	
Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .	
Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	
Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	
After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	
After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	
After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .	
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	
After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .	
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .	
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	
After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing	
After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .	
Aggravating and tedious .	
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !	
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	
Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .	
Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .	
Alas , another breathless movie about same !	
Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	
All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .	
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	
All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	
All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	
All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	
All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	
All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .	
All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .	
All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .	
All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .	
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	
All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	
All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	
All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	
All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .	
All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .	
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	
Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	
Almost .	
Almost peerlessly unsettling .	
Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	
Alternately frustrating and rewarding .	
Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	
Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .	
Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .	
Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	
Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .	
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .	
Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	
Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	
Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	
Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .	
Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	
Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	
Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	
Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	
Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	
Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	
Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	
Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	
Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	
Amazing !	
Amazingly dopey .	
Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .	
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .	
Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .	
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	
an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''	
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .	
An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .	
An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .	
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .	
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	
An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	
An ambitious and moving but bleak film .	
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	
An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .	
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .	
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .	
An awful snooze .	
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .	
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	
An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	
An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .	
An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	
An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .	
An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	
An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	
An elegant film	
An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	
An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	
An empty , purposeless exercise .	
An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	
An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	
An encouraging effort from McCrudden	
An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	
An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .	
An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	
An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	
An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .	
An enjoyable above average summer diversion .	
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	
An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	
An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	
An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	
An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	
An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .	
An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .	
An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	
An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .	
An exhilarating experience .	
An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .	
An EXIT sign , that is .	
An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .	
An extremely unpleasant film .	
An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .	
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	
An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	
An impeccable study in perversity .	
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	
An impressive hybrid .	
An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .	
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	
An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .	
An infuriating film .	
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	
An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	
An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	
An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .	
An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	
An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	
An intoxicating experience .	
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	
An intriguing near-miss .	
An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	
An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	
An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	
An often unfunny romp .	
An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	
An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .	
An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	
An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	
An ugly , revolting movie .	
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '	
An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .	
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	
An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	
An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .	
An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .	
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .	
An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	
An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	
An uplifting , largely bogus story .	
An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .	
And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .	
and `` They 're coming ! ''	
And a very rainy day .	
And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .	
And educational !	
And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	
And how .	
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .	
And in a sense , that 's a liability .	
And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	
And it is .	
And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	
And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .	
And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	
And that is where Ararat went astray .	
And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	
And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .	
And Vin Diesel is the man .	
And yet , it still works .	
Anemic , pretentious .	
Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	
Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	
Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .	
Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .	
Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '	
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .	
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .	
Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .	
Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	
Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	
Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	
Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	
Anyone else seen this before ?	
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .	
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .	
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	
Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .	
Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .	
Ararat feels like a book report	
Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?	
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	
Arnie blows things up .	
Arnold !	
Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .	
Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	
As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .	
As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .	
As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .	
As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .	
As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .	
As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .	
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .	
As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .	
As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	
As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .	
As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .	
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .	
As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .	
As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	
As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	
As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	
As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .	
As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .	
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	
As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .	
As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	
As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	
As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	
As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	
As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	
As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .	
As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	
As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	
As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	
As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .	
As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .	
As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .	
As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .	
As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	
As pedestrian as they come .	
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --	
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	
As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	
As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	
As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	
As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	
As saccharine as it is disposable .	
As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .	
As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .	
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	
As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .	
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .	
As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .	
As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	
As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	
As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .	
As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .	
As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	
As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .	
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '	
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .	
Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	
Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .	
Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	
Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	
At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	
At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	
At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	
At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .	
At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	
At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .	
At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .	
At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .	
At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	
At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .	
At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .	
At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	
At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .	
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	
At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	
At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	
At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	
At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''	
At times , it actually hurts to watch .	
At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	
At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .	
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	
Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	
Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	
Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	
Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	
Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .	
Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful	
B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .	
Bad and baffling from the get-go .	
Bad company .	
Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	
Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .	
Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	
Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	
Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time	
Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	
Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .	
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	
Bearable .	
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .	
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .	
Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	
Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	
Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .	
Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .	
Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	
Beautifully produced .	
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .	
Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	
Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	
Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .	
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	
Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .	
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	
Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .	
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .	
Been there done that .	
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	
Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	
Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	
Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	
Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	
Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .	
Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .	
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .	
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	
Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .	
Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	
Bernal and	
Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .	
Best indie of the year , so far .	
Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .	
Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .	
Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .	
Beware the quirky Brit-com .	
Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	
Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	
Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	
Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	
Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	
Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	
Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	
Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	
Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .	
Black-and-white and unrealistic .	
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .	
Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	
Bland but harmless .	
Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .	
Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .	
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	
Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .	
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .	
Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	
Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .	
Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .	
Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .	
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	
Boring and meandering .	
Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	
Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	
Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .	
Both damning and damned compelling .	
Both deserve better .	
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?	
Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time .	
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	
Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .	
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .	
Brady	
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .	
Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .	
Bravado Kathy !	
Brave and sweetly rendered love story .	
Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .	
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	
Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	
Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	
Bring on the sequel .	
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .	
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	
Brisk hack job .	
Britney 's performance can not be faulted .	
Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	
Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	
Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .	
Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .	
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .	
Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .	
Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	
Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .	
But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?	
But , no , we get another scene , and then another .	
But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	
But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .	
But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .	
But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	
But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .	
But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .	
But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort	
But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	
But here 's a glimpse at his life .	
But here 's a movie about it anyway .	
But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	
But I do .	
But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	
But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	
But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	
But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	
But it 's worth the concentration .	
But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	
But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	
But it does have one saving grace .	
But it does n't leave you with much .	
But it does n't need Gangs of New York .	
But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
But it is entertaining on an inferior level .	
But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .	
But it was n't .	
But it would be better to wait for the video .	
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	
But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	
But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	
But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	
But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .	
but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '	
But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	
But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	
But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	
But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	
But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	
But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .	
But they fascinate in their recklessness .	
But this is Lohman 's film .	
But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	
But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .	
But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	
But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .	
But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...	
But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	
But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	
But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .	
Buy popcorn .	
By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .	
By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .	
By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	
By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	
By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	
By that measure , it is a failure .	
By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .	
By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .	
By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	
By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	
By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .	
By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	
By-the-numbers yarn .	
C'mon !	
Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .	
Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	
Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .	
Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	
Calculated swill .	
Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	
Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	
Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .	
Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	
Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	
captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	
Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	
Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '	
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	
Catch it ... if you can !	
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	
Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	
Certainly .	
Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	
Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	
Certainly the performances are worthwhile .	
Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	
Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	
Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .	
Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	
Chances are you wo n't , either .	
Changing Lanes tries for more .	
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	
Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .	
Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .	
Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .	
Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	
Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .	
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	
Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	
Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .	
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	
Cho 's timing is priceless .	
Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '	
Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '	
Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	
Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .	
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	
Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .	
Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	
Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	
Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	
Clever but not especially compelling .	
Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	
Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	
Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	
Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	
Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .	
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	
Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .	
Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .	
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	
Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .	
Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?	
Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	
Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	
Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	
Compellingly watchable .	
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	
Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	
Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .	
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .	
Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	
Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .	
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .	
Consistently clever and suspenseful .	
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	
Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	
Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	
Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible	
Cool .	
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	
Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .	
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	
Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .	
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	
Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	
Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .	
Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .	
Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	
Crikey indeed .	
Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .	
Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .	
Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .	
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .	
Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .	
Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	
Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .	
Cusack 's just brilliant in this .	
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	
cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .	
Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .	
Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .	
Daring and beautifully made .	
Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	
Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .	
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	
David Spade as Citizen Kane ?	
Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .	
Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .	
Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .	
De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .	
Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	
Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .	
Decent but dull .	
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .	
Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	
Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .	
Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .	
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	
Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .	
Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	
Degenerates into hogwash .	
Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	
Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .	
Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	
Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .	
Deliciously slow .	
Delight your senses and crash this wedding !	
delightfully rendered	
Delirious fun .	
Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	
Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	
DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	
Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .	
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	
Dense , exhilarating documentary .	
Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .	
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	
Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off	
Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .	
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .	
Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	
Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .	
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .	
Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	
Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .	
Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .	
Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	
Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	
Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .	
Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	
Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	
Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .	
Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	
Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	
Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	
Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .	
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	
Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .	
Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	
Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	
Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	
Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	
Did the film inform and educate me ?	
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''	
Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .	
Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name	
Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	
Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	
Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .	
Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .	
Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .	
Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	
Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .	
Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .	
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention	
Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	
Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	
Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	
Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	
Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .	
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .	
Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	
Disjointed parody .	
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	
Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .	
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	
displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver	
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	
Disturbing .	
Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .	
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .	
Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .	
Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	
Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?	
Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	
Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .	
Does n't add up to much .	
Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .	
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .	
Does n't really add up to much .	
Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .	
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	
Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .	
Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .	
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .	
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	
dramatic snapshot	
Dramatically lackluster .	
Dreary tale of middle-class angst	
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	
Drowning 's too good for this sucker .	
Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .	
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	
Duvall is strong as always .	
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	
Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .	
Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .	
Earnest but heavy-handed .	
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	
Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .	
Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .	
Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .	
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .	
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .	
Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	
Eh .	
Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .	
Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .	
Elegant , mannered and teasing .	
Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	
Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	
Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	
Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	
Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .	
ending .	
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	
Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	
Enigma lacks it .	
Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	
Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	
Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .	
Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	
Enough said , except : Film overboard !	
Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	
entertaining enough , but nothing new	
Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .	
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .	
Enticing and often funny documentary .	
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !	
Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .	
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	
Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .	
Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	
Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	
Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .	
Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .	
Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	
Even better than the first one !	
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .	
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	
Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	
Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	
Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	
Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .	
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .	
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	
Even kids deserve better .	
Even more baffling is that it 's funny .	
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	
Even the digressions are funny .	
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	
Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .	
Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment	
Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .	
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .	
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	
Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	
Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .	
Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .	
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	
Every child 's story is what matters .	
Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .	
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	
Every joke is repeated at least four times .	
Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	
Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .	
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	
Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .	
Everyone 's to blame here .	
Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .	
Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .	
Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	
Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	
Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .	
Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .	
Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	
Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .	
Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	
Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .	
Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .	
Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .	
Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .	
Except it 's much , much better .	
Exciting and well-paced .	
Exciting documentary .	
Execrable .	
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .	
Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .	
Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	
Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .	
Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	
Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .	
Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .	
Extremely bad .	
Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .	
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .	
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .	
Fairly run-of-the-mill .	
Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	
Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	
Family fare .	
Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	
Famuyiwa 's feature	
Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .	
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	
Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .	
Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	
Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .	
Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .	
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten	
Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	
Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .	
Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .	
Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .	
Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .	
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .	
Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .	
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	
Feels shrill , simple and soapy .	
Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .	
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
Feels untidily honest .	
Feral and uncomfortable .	
Ferrara 's best film in years .	
Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	
Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	
Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	
Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .	
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	
Films are made of little moments .	
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .	
Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	
Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .	
First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .	
Five screenwriters	
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .	
Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .	
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	
Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	
For 95 often hilarious minutes	
For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	
For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?	
For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	
For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .	
For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	
For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	
For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	
For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .	
For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .	
For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .	
For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .	
For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .	
For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	
For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	
For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	
For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	
For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	
For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	
For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .	
For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	
For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .	
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	
For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	
foreshadowing	
Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .	
Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .	
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	
Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	
Formuliac , but fun .	
Fortunately , you still have that option .	
Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .	
Frank Capra played this story straight .	
Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !	
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	
Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	
Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for .	
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .	
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .	
From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	
From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .	
From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '	
From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	
From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .	
frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context	
Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	
Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .	
Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .	
Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !	
Full of surprises .	
Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	
Funny , though .	
Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	
Funny and touching .	
Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	
Gaghan	
Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	
Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	
Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .	
Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	
Gently humorous and touching .	
Genuinely unnerving .	
George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	
Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .	
Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .	
Gets the look and the period trappings right	
Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	
Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .	
Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .	
Gloriously straight from the vagina .	
Go , girls , right down the reality drain .	
Go back to sleep .	
Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .	
God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	
Goes on and on to the point of nausea .	
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .	
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	
Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .	
Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .	
Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	
Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .	
Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .	
Good-naturedly cornball sequel .	
Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .	
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	
Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	
Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .	
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	
Got a David Lynch jones ?	
Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .	
Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .	
Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .	
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .	
Grating and tedious .	
Great character interaction .	
Great dragons !	
Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .	
Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	
Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .	
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	
Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .	
Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .	
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .	
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	
Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	
Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	
Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	
Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	
hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .	
Hardly a film that comes along every day .	
Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .	
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	
Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .	
Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	
Harmless fun .	
Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	
Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .	
has -RRB-	
Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	
Has a solid emotional impact .	
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .	
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .	
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	
Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .	
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	
Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .	
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .	
Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .	
has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .	
Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .	
Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	
Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	
Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .	
Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	
Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .	
Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	
He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	
He 's worked too hard on this movie .	
He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	
He drags it back , single-handed .	
He gets his secretary to fax it . ''	
He has a great cast and a great idea .	
He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .	
He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	
He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .	
He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	
He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	
He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	
He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	
Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .	
Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .	
Her film	
Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .	
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .	
Here 's my advice , Kev .	
Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .	
Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	
Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	
Hey , Happy !	
Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .	
High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	
Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .	
Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	
Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .	
Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	
Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .	
his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	
His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .	
His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .	
His work with actors is particularly impressive .	
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	
Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .	
Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .	
Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .	
Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .	
Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	
Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	
Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .	
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	
How inept is Serving Sara ?	
How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .	
However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	
Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .	
Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	
Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .	
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .	
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	
Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	
I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .	
I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .	
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls	
I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .	
I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .	
I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .	
I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .	
I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .	
I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .	
I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .	
I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	
I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .	
I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .	
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	
I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .	
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but	
I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .	
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .	
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .	
I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	
I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .	
I ca n't .	
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	
I ca n't recommend it .	
I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .	
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .	
I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .	
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .	
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .	
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	
I did n't laugh .	
I did n't smile .	
I did n't think so .	
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	
I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .	
I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .	
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .	
I do n't think so .	
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	
I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	
I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .	
I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .	
I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .	
I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .	
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .	
I have n't laughed that hard in years !	
I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .	
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	
I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .	
I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	
I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again	
I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .	
I like it .	
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	
I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	
I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	
I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .	
I liked it just enough .	
I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	
I liked this film a lot ...	
I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .	
I love the robust middle of this picture .	
I loved this film .	
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	
I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	
I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .	
I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .	
I simply ca n't recommend it enough .	
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .	
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .	
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	
I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	
I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	
I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .	
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	
I will be .	
I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .	
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .	
Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon	
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?	
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .	
Idiotic and ugly .	
If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	
If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	
If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	
If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''	
If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .	
If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	
If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .	
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .	
If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?	
If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .	
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .	
If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .	
If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .	
If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	
If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	
If only it were , well , funnier .	
If only Merchant paid more attention the story .	
If only there were one for this kind of movie .	
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .	
If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	
If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .	
If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .	
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .	
If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	
If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	
If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	
If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	
If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''	
If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .	
If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .	
If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .	
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	
If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .	
If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .	
If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .	
If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	
If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?	
If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	
If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	
If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .	
If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	
If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .	
If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .	
If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	
If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	
If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .	
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .	
If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .	
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .	
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia	
If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	
If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .	
If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .	
If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .	
If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .	
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .	
If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	
If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .	
If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .	
If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .	
If you do n't laugh , flee .	
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .	
If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .	
If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .	
If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	
If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .	
If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	
If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .	
If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .	
Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .	
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .	
Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .	
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .	
imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor	
Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	
Imperfect ?	
Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .	
In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .	
In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	
In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .	
In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	
In a word : No. .	
In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	
In an ART FILM !	
In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	
In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .	
In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .	
In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '	
In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .	
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	
In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	
In fact , even better .	
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	
In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .	
In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .	
In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .	
In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	
In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	
In its own way	
In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .	
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .	
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .	
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .	
In other words , it 's badder than bad .	
in period costume and with a bigger budget .	
In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .	
In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	
In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	
In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .	
In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition	
In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	
In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	
In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .	
In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '	
In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .	
In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .	
In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	
In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	
In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .	
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	
In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .	
In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	
In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	
In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	
In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .	
In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	
In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .	
In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .	
In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	
Includes too much obvious padding .	
Incoherence reigns .	
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	
Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .	
Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .	
Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .	
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	
Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .	
Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .	
Insanely hilarious !	
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .	
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	
Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	
Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	
Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	
Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	
Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .	
Insufferably naive .	
Intelligent and moving .	
Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	
Interesting , but not compelling .	
Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .	
Intimate and panoramic .	
into Scrooge .	
Intriguing and downright intoxicating .	
Intriguing and stylish .	
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	
Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?	
is a mess .	
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .	
Is it a comedy ?	
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .	
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	
Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	
is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .	
is one of this year 's very best pictures .	
Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?	
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .	
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	
Is truth stranger than fiction ?	
It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	
It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	
It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	
It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .	
It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	
It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	
It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	
It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .	
It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '	
It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	
It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	
It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	
It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	
It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	
It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .	
It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .	
It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	
It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .	
It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .	
It 's a masterpeice .	
It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .	
It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	
It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	
It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	
It 's a quirky , off-beat project .	
It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .	
It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	
It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	
It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	
It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	
It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	
It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	
It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	
It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	
It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	
It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	
It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	
It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .	
It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	
It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	
It 's about time .	
It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .	
It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .	
It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...	
It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .	
It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .	
It 's all surface psychodramatics .	
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	
It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .	
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	
It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	
It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	
It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''	
It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	
It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .	
It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	
It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .	
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	
It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	
It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .	
It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	
It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .	
It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	
It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	
It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .	
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	
It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .	
It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .	
It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death	
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	
It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	
It 's definitely a step in the right direction .	
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	
It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	
It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	
It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .	
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	
It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .	
It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	
It 's exactly what you 'd expect .	
It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	
It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	
It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .	
It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	
It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	
It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	
It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .	
It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	
It 's funny .	
It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	
It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	
It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	
It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	
It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .	
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	
It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .	
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .	
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	
It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	
It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	
It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .	
It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .	
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .	
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .	
It 's just merely very bad .	
It 's just not very smart .	
It 's just plain boring .	
It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	
It 's just rather leaden and dull .	
It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .	
It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .	
It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .	
It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .	
It 's like a drive-by .	
It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .	
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	
It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .	
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	
It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .	
It 's never dull and always looks good .	
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .	
It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .	
It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .	
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	
It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .	
It 's not an easy one to review .	
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	
It 's not hateful .	
It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .	
It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	
It 's not original enough .	
It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .	
It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .	
It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .	
It 's one long bore .	
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	
It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .	
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	
It 's Pauly Shore awful .	
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	
It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .	
It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .	
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .	
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	
It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .	
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	
It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .	
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	
It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .	
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	
It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .	
It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	
It 's Splash without the jokes .	
It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	
It 's still terrible !	
It 's stylishly directed with verve ...	
It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	
It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	
It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .	
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .	
It 's that good .	
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .	
It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	
It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .	
It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	
It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	
It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .	
It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .	
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	
It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .	
It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	
It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .	
It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	
It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	
It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .	
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .	
It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	
It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .	
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .	
It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .	
It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	
It bites hard .	
It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .	
It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .	
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	
It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .	
It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	
It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	
It deserves to be seen everywhere .	
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	
It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	
It does give you a peek .	
It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	
It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	
It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	
It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	
It drowns in sap .	
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
It gets old quickly .	
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	
It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	
It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	
It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .	
It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .	
It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	
It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	
It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	
It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .	
It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .	
It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	
It is a movie about passion .	
It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	
It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	
It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	
It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	
It is also beautifully acted .	
It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .	
It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	
It is n't scary .	
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill	
It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .	
It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	
It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	
It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .	
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	
It is there to give them a good time .	
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	
It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	
It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .	
It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	
It labours as storytelling .	
It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .	
It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	
It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	
It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .	
It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	
It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .	
It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .	
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''	
It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	
It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...	
It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .	
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding	
It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .	
It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .	
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	
It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .	
It never is , not fully .	
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .	
It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	
It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	
It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .	
It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .	
It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	
It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?	
It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .	
It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .	
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	
It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .	
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .	
It should have stayed there .	
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	
It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart	
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	
It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	
It still feels like a prison stretch .	
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .	
It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	
It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing	
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !	
It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	
It trusts the story it sets out to tell .	
It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .	
It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .	
It was a dark and stormy night ...	
It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .	
It will break your heart many times over .	
It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	
It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .	
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .	
It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .	
It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	
It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .	
It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	
It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	
Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	
Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	
Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	
Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	
Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	
Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	
Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .	
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .	
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	
Its sheer dynamism is infectious .	
Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	
Jackson is always watchable .	
Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .	
Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	
Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	
Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .	
Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	
Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	
Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .	
Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .	
Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	
John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .	
Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	
Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .	
Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	
Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	
Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	
Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .	
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,	
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .	
Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	
Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !	
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .	
Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .	
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .	
Just like Igby .	
Just plain silly .	
Just send it to Cranky .	
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	
Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .	
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .	
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .	
Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .	
Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .	
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	
Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	
Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	
Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	
Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	
Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	
Knows how to make our imagination wonder .	
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	
Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .	
Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .	
Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .	
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .	
LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	
LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .	
Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .	
Lacks depth .	
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	
Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	
Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	
Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .	
Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	
Laughably , irredeemably awful .	
Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .	
Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	
Lazy , miserable and smug .	
Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .	
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	
Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	
Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	
Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	
Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	
Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .	
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	
Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	
Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	
Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .	
Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .	
Let 's hope not .	
Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .	
Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .	
Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .	
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	
Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .	
Lightweight but appealing .	
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	
Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .	
Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	
Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	
Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .	
Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	
Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	
Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .	
Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .	
Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	
Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .	
Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	
Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .	
Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .	
Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .	
Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .	
Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .	
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .	
Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	
Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	
Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	
Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	
Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .	
Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	
Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	
Like the best 60 Minutes	
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	
Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	
Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .	
Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on	
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	
Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .	
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	
Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .	
Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .	
Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	
Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects	
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	
Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?	
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .	
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	
Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .	
Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .	
Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	
Low comedy does n't come much lower .	
Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .	
Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	
Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	
Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	
MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	
Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .	
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .	
Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .	
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	
Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	
Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .	
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	
Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	
Malcolm McDowell is cool .	
Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .	
Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	
Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	
Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .	
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	
Many insightful moments .	
Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .	
Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .	
Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .	
Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .	
Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	
Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	
Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	
Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .	
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	
Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .	
Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .	
Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	
Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !	
May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .	
May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .	
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	
May puzzle his most ardent fans .	
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	
Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .	
Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	
Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .	
McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	
Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	
Meandering and confusing .	
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	
Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .	
Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .	
Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .	
Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	
Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	
Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	
Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .	
Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	
Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	
Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .	
Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .	
Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	
Mild , meandering teen flick .	
Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	
Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	
Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .	
Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
modeled	
Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	
Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .	
Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	
Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...	
More a gunfest than a Rock concert .	
More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .	
More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	
More of a career curio than a major work .	
More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .	
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	
more precious than perspicacious	
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .	
More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .	
More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...	
More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	
More tiring than anything .	
More trifle than triumph .	
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .	
Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .	
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	
Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .	
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	
Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .	
Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	
Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .	
Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .	
moved	
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	
Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	
Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	
Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	
Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .	
Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	
Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	
Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	
Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .	
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	
Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...	
Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	
Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	
Muddled , trashy and incompetent	
Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .	
Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .	
My own minority report is that it stinks .	
My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	
My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .	
Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .	
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .	
Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	
Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	
Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .	
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .	
Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .	
Neatly constructed thriller .	
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	
Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	
Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	
Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	
Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	
Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''	
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .	
Never inspires more than an interested detachment .	
Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	
Nevertheless , it still seems endless .	
New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...	
Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	
Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '	
Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	
Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	
No , even that 's too committed .	
No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .	
No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .	
No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	
No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .	
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .	
No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .	
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .	
No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .	
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	
No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .	
No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .	
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .	
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .	
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .	
No surprises .	
No thanks .	
No. .	
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .	
None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	
None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .	
None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .	
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	
Nor is it a romantic comedy .	
Norton is magnetic as Graham .	
Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .	
Not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .	
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	
Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .	
Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?	
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	
Not as good as the original , but what is ...	
Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	
Not bad , but not all that good .	
Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?	
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .	
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	
Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .	
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .	
Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	
Not just unlikable .	
Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	
Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	
Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	
Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	
Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	
Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .	
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	
Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .	
Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	
Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	
Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	
Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	
Nothing too deep or substantial .	
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .	
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	
Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	
Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .	
Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .	
Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .	
Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us	
Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .	
Noyce has worked wonders with the material .	
O.K. , not really .	
Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .	
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	
Obvious .	
Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .	
Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .	
Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .	
Odd and weird .	
Oddly compelling .	
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	
Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .	
Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .	
Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .	
Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .	
Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	
Often hilarious .	
Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?	
Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	
Oh , and more entertaining , too .	
Oh , James !	
Oh , look at that clever angle !	
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .	
On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .	
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	
On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .	
On its own , it 's not very interesting .	
On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	
On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	
On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	
Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .	
Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	
Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	
One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	
One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	
One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .	
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	
One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .	
One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	
One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .	
One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	
One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	
One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	
One of the best movies of the year .	
One of the best rock documentaries ever .	
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	
One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .	
One of the funnier movies in town .	
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .	
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .	
One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .	
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .	
One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	
One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	
One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	
One of the worst movies of the year .	
One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	
One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	
One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	
One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	
One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	
One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	
One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	
One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .	
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	
One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	
One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	
One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .	
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	
One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .	
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .	
Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .	
Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .	
Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .	
Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .	
Oops , she 's really done it this time .	
Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .	
Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .	
Or both .	
Or else a doggie winks .	
Or for the year , for that matter .	
Or intelligent .	
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	
Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	
Originality is sorely lacking .	
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	
Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .	
Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	
Otherwise , maybe .	
Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .	
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	
out ballsy and stylish	
Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	
Over and over again .	
Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	
Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .	
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .	
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	
Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .	
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	
Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .	
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	
Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .	
Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	
Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .	
Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	
Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .	
Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	
Parts	
Pascale Bailly 's rom-com	
Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	
Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	
Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?	
Paul Cox needed to show it .	
Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	
PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .	
Pedro Rodrigues '	
Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .	
Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .	
Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .	
Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	
Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .	
Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .	
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .	
Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .	
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .	
Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	
Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .	
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	
Phoned-in business as usual .	
Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	
Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	
Pipe Dream does have its charms .	
Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .	
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .	
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .	
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	
Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .	
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .	
Please see previous answer .	
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .	
Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	
Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .	
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	
Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .	
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .	
Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !	
Poetic , heartbreaking .	
Poetry in motion captured on film .	
Poignant and delicately complex .	
Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	
Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .	
Polished , well-structured film .	
Pompous and garbled .	
Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	
Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .	
Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .	
Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	
Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	
Pray has really done his subject justice .	
preachy and	
Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	
Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .	
Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	
Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .	
Predictably soulless techno-tripe .	
Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .	
Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	
Press the delete key .	
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	
Pretty good little movie .	
Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .	
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .	
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	
Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''	
Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	
Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .	
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	
Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .	
Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .	
Punitively affirmational parable .	
Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .	
Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	
Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .	
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .	
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .	
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .	
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	
Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .	
Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	
Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .	
Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .	
Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .	
Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	
Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	
Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .	
Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .	
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	
Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	
Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .	
Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .	
Rather than real figures	
Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .	
Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	
Really dumb but occasionally really funny .	
Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	
Reassuring , retro uplifter .	
Recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .	
recovers	
Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .	
Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .	
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .	
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .	
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	
Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	
Renner ?	
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .	
Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .	
Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .	
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .	
Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .	
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .	
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .	
Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .	
Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .	
Rewarding .	
Reyes ' word processor .	
Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .	
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .	
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .	
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	
Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	
Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .	
Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	
Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .	
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .	
Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .	
Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .	
Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .	
Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .	
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	
Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	
Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .	
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	
Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	
Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !	
Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .	
Routine and rather silly .	
Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	
Ruh-roh !	
Run for your lives !	
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .	
Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .	
Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .	
Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .	
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	
Sa da TAY !	
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .	
Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '	
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	
Same guy with both hats .	
Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .	
Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .	
Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .	
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	
Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .	
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	
Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .	
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	
Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	
Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	
Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	
Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	
Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	
Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	
Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .	
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	
Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .	
Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	
Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .	
Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .	
See it .	
See it for his performance if nothing else .	
Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .	
Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .	
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .	
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .	
Seems like someone going through the motions .	
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .	
Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .	
Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .	
Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .	
Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .	
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	
Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .	
Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .	
Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	
Shallow , noisy and pretentious .	
Shallow .	
Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .	
Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .	
Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .	
She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .	
She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .	
She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	
She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	
She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .	
She may not be real , but the laughs are .	
She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile	
Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	
Sheridan	
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	
Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	
Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .	
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	
Show me the mugging .	
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	
Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about	
Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .	
Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .	
Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .	
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	
Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	
Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .	
Silly , loud and goofy .	
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	
Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	
Simplistic , silly and tedious .	
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	
Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .	
Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !	
Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-	
Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .	
Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	
Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .	
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	
Sleek and arty .	
Slight but enjoyable documentary .	
Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .	
Sluggish , tonally uneven .	
Sly , sophisticated and surprising .	
Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .	
Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .	
Smart and taut .	
Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	
Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	
Smothered by its own solemnity .	
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .	
Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him	
So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .	
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	
So could young romantics out on a date .	
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	
So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .	
So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .	
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	
So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	
So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .	
So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .	
So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	
So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .	
So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .	
So-so entertainment .	
Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	
Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .	
Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	
Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .	
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	
Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	
Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	
Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .	
Some episodes work , some do n't .	
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	
Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .	
Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .	
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .	
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	
Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	
Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .	
Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .	
Something for everyone .	
Something must have been lost in the translation .	
Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	
Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .	
Sometimes shorter is better .	
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .	
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .	
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	
Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	
Spare but quietly effective retelling .	
Spare yet audacious ...	
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .	
Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	
Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .	
Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	
Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	
Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .	
Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	
Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	
Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	
Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .	
Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .	
Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	
Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	
Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	
Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	
Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .	
Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .	
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .	
Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	
Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	
Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .	
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .	
Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	
Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .	
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	
Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	
Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .	
Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	
Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	
Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .	
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .	
Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	
Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .	
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	
Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .	
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	
Storytelling feels slight .	
Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	
Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	
Strange it is , but delightfully so .	
Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	
Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	
Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .	
Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .	
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .	
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .	
Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .	
Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	
Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	
Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	
Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''	
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .	
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .	
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .	
Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .	
Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	
Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	
Sure , I hated myself in the morning .	
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	
Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	
Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .	
Surprisingly insightful	
Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	
Sweet and memorable film .	
Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	
Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .	
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	
Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .	
Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .	
Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	
Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer	
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .	
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .	
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	
Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	
Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-	
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''	
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .	
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	
Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
Technically and artistically inept .	
Teens only .	
Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
Tends to plod .	
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	
Terrible .	
Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	
Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	
Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	
Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	
than ` Magnifique ' .	
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	
Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	
Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .	
That 's because relatively nothing happens .	
That 's fun for kids of any age .	
That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''	
That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .	
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...	
That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .	
That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .	
That is because - damn it !	
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	
That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .	
That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	
That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .	
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	
The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	
The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	
The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .	
The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .	
The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .	
The actors are fantastic .	
The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .	
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	
The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	
The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .	
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .	
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .	
The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .	
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	
The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	
The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .	
The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .	
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility	
The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	
The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	
The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .	
The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .	
The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .	
The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .	
The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .	
The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	
The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	
The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .	
The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .	
The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	
The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .	
The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .	
The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	
The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	
The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .	
The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	
The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .	
The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .	
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	
The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	
The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	
The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .	
The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .	
The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	
The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .	
The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	
The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	
The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...	
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	
The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .	
The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .	
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	
The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	
The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	
The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .	
The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	
The characters never change .	
The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	
The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	
The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .	
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	
The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	
The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .	
The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	
The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	
The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .	
The concept is a hoot .	
The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .	
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	
The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .	
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .	
The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .	
The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .	
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .	
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .	
The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne	
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .	
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .	
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	
The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	
The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .	
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .	
The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .	
The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	
The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '	
The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	
The drama discloses almost nothing .	
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .	
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .	
The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	
The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...	
The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .	
The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	
The entire cast is extraordinarily good .	
The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	
The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .	
The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .	
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .	
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	
The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .	
The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	
The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	
The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	
The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space	
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	
The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	
The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	
The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .	
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .	
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	
The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	
The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .	
The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	
the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .	
The film can depress you about life itself .	
The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	
The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .	
The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	
The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .	
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	
The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .	
The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	
The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	
The film grows on you .	
The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .	
The film has a childlike quality about it .	
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	
The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	
The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .	
The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .	
The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .	
The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	
The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	
The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	
The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .	
The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	
The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .	
The film is all over the place , really .	
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .	
The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	
The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	
The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	
The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	
The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	
The film is one of the year 's best .	
The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	
The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .	
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .	
The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .	
The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	
The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	
The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .	
The film oozes craft .	
The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	
The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .	
The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .	
The film truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .	
The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	
The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...	
The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	
The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .	
The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .	
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .	
The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...	
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	
The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .	
The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .	
The filmmakers might want to look it up .	
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	
The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .	
The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	
The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?	
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .	
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .	
The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels	
The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .	
The formula is familiar but enjoyable .	
The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	
The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !	
The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .	
The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .	
The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	
The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .	
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .	
The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .	
The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	
The heat of the moment prevails .	
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .	
The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	
The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	
The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	
The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .	
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	
The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .	
The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	
The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .	
The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations	
The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .	
The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .	
The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	
The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	
The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	
The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .	
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	
The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	
The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .	
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .	
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	
The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .	
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .	
The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .	
The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .	
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .	
The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	
The main problem being that it 's only a peek .	
The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	
The Master of Disguise is awful .	
The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .	
The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .	
The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	
The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	
The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .	
The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	
The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .	
The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .	
The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .	
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .	
The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .	
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''	
The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .	
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	
The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .	
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	
The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .	
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	
The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	
The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .	
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .	
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .	
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	
The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	
The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	
The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	
The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .	
The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .	
The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .	
The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	
The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	
The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .	
The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .	
The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	
The movie is a trove of delights .	
The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	
The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .	
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .	
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	
The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .	
The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .	
The movie is ingenious fun .	
The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''	
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .	
The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .	
The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .	
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .	
The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	
The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .	
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .	
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	
The movie is well crafted , and well executed .	
The movie is well done , but slow .	
The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .	
The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	
The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .	
The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .	
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	
The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .	
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .	
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	
The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .	
The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .	
The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .	
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	
The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .	
The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '	
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	
The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut .	
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	
The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .	
The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .	
The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	
The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	
The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .	
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	
The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .	
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .	
The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .	
The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''	
The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	
The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .	
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	
The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	
The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .	
The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .	
The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	
The performances are an absolute joy .	
The performances are remarkable .	
The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	
The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	
The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	
the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .	
The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	
The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .	
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	
The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .	
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .	
The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .	
The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .	
The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .	
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .	
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	
The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .	
The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?	
The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	
The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .	
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .	
The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .	
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	
The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .	
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	
The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	
The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .	
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .	
The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	
The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	
The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	
The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	
The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .	
The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '	
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .	
The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .	
The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .	
The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .	
The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	
The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .	
The result might look like Vulgar .	
The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	
The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .	
The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .	
The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .	
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	
The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	
The same should go for movie theaters .	
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	
The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	
The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	
The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .	
The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .	
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .	
The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .	
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	
The script ?	
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	
The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .	
The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	
The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	
The script is smart , not cloying .	
The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .	
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	
The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	
The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .	
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	
The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .	
The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .	
The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .	
The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .	
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	
the shackles	
The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	
The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	
The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop	
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?	
The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	
The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	
The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .	
The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .	
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''	
The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	
The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .	
The story has little wit and no surprises .	
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .	
The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	
The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .	
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .	
The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .	
The story itself is actually quite vapid .	
The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .	
The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	
The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	
The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	
The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	
The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .	
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .	
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .	
The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .	
The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .	
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .	
The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	
The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .	
The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .	
The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	
The thing just never gets off the ground .	
The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	
The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .	
The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .	
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .	
The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	
The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .	
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .	
The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .	
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .	
The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .	
The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	
The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .	
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	
The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '	
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	
The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .	
the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .	
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	
The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	
The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	
The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .	
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	
The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	
The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	
The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	
The whole affair is as predictable as can be .	
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .	
The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .	
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .	
The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .	
The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	
The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .	
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .	
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .	
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	
The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	
The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .	
The worst film of the year .	
The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	
Their work is fantastic .	
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	
There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .	
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .	
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	
There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	
There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .	
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .	
There 's already been too many of these films ...	
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	
There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .	
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	
There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .	
There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.	
There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	
There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .	
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .	
There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	
There 's no energy .	
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .	
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	
There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .	
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .	
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .	
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	
There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .	
There 's plenty to impress about E.T.	
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	
There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .	
There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	
There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .	
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .	
There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .	
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	
There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	
There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .	
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
There are moments of hilarity to be had .	
There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .	
There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .	
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	
There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .	
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .	
There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	
There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .	
There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .	
There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .	
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	
There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	
There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .	
There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	
There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	
There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	
There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	
There is greatness here .	
There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	
There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	
There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...	
There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .	
There is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .	
There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .	
There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	
There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	
There is so much plodding sensitivity .	
There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics	
there is truth here	
There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	
These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .	
These characters become wearisome .	
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	
These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .	
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .	
These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .	
They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .	
They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	
They cheapen the overall effect .	
They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	
They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''	
They just do n't work in concert .	
They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	
They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	
They were right .	
Thin period piece .	
Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .	
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !	
This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .	
This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...	
This beautifully animated epic is never dull .	
This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .	
This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	
This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	
This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .	
This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .	
This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .	
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	
This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .	
This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	
This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .	
This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .	
This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .	
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .	
This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .	
This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	
This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .	
This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .	
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .	
This is a children 's film in the truest sense .	
This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .	
This is a film living far too much in its own head .	
This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	
This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	
This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	
This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .	
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .	
This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	
This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	
This is a movie you can trust .	
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .	
This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !	
This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .	
This is a superior horror flick .	
This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	
This is a truly , truly bad movie .	
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	
This is a very funny , heartwarming film .	
This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	
This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	
This is an interesting movie ! ''	
This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .	
This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	
This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .	
This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	
This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .	
This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .	
This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .	
This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '	
This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .	
This is n't a new idea .	
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	
This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .	
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	
This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	
This is not a Jackie Chan movie .	
This is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''	
This is not an easy film .	
This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .	
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	
This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .	
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	
This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	
This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	
This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential	
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '	
This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .	
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .	
This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .	
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .	
This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .	
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .	
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	
This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	
This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	
This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .	
This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	
This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	
This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	
This movie got me grinning .	
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .	
This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	
This movie is to be cherished .	
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .	
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	
This off-putting French romantic comedy	
This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	
This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .	
This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .	
This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .	
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .	
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .	
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .	
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .	
This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	
This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .	
This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .	
This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	
This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	
This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .	
This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .	
This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .	
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .	
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .	
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .	
This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .	
This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	
This thing is just garbage .	
This thing is virtually unwatchable .	
This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	
This u-boat does n't have a captain .	
This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .	
This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .	
This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .	
Thoroughly awful .	
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	
Thoroughly enjoyable .	
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	
Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .	
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .	
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	
Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .	
Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .	
Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	
Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	
Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	
Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	
Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .	
Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	
Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	
Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	
Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .	
Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	
Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	
Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	
Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .	
Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .	
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	
Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .	
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	
Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .	
Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .	
Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .	
Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	
Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	
Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .	
Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .	
Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .	
Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	
Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .	
Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .	
Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents	
Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	
Throw Smoochy from the train !	
Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .	
Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .	
Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	
Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .	
Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	
Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .	
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...	
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .	
To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	
To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .	
To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	
To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	
To the degree that ivans xtc .	
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	
To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	
To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	
Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	
Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	
Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	
Too bad .	
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .	
Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .	
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	
Too clever by about nine-tenths .	
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .	
Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .	
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .	
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	
Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .	
Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	
Too much power , not enough puff .	
Too silly to take seriously .	
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	
Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	
Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .	
Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	
Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .	
Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .	
Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''	
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .	
Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	
Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .	
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '	
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	
Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .	
Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .	
Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .	
Troubling and powerful .	
True Hollywood Story .	
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	
Truly terrible .	
Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	
Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	
Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .	
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .	
Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	
Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?	
Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .	
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	
Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .	
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	
Twist open the Ouzo !	
Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	
Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	
Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .	
Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .	
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .	
Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .	
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	
Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '	
Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .	
Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .	
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	
Um , no. .	
Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	
Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	
underventilated	
Uneven but a lot of fun .	
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	
Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .	
Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	
Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .	
Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .	
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .	
Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .	
Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	
Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .	
Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .	
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	
Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .	
Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	
Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	
Uplifting , funny and wise .	
Upper Teens may get cynical .	
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	
Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	
Utter mush ... conceited pap .	
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .	
Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .	
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .	
Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	
Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .	
Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	
Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .	
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	
Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .	
Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
Visually captivating .	
Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	
Visually striking and viscerally repellent .	
Viva le Resistance !	
Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	
Wait for it to hit cable .	
Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand .	
Wait to see it then .	
Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	
Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	
Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .	
Warm and exotic .	
Warmed-over hash .	
Was I scared ?	
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .	
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .	
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	
Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .	
Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .	
Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	
Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	
Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	
Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	
Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	
Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .	
Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .	
We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .	
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	
We do n't even like their characters .	
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	
We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	
We have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .	
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	
We just do n't really care too much about this love story .	
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .	
We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .	
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	
Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	
Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	
Well , it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .	
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .	
Well , they 're ` they ' .	
Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .	
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	
Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .	
Well-meant but unoriginal .	
Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .	
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	
Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '	
Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .	
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '	
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	
What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .	
What 's left is a rich stew of longing .	
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	
What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	
What 's next ?	
What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?	
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	
What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	
What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	
What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?	
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .	
What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	
What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	
What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	
What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	
What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	
What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .	
What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	
What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .	
What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .	
What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?	
What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	
What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .	
What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	
What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	
What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	
What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	
What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .	
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	
What I saw , I enjoyed .	
What is the filmmakers ' point ?	
What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	
What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	
What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .	
What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	
What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .	
What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	
What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .	
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	
What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	
What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	
What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	
What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .	
What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .	
What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	
What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	
What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	
What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .	
What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .	
What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .	
What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	
What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	
What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .	
What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .	
What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	
What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .	
What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .	
What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .	
Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .	
Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	
Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .	
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .	
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .	
When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .	
When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	
When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.	
When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	
When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	
When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '	
When the heroes were actually under 40 ?	
When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	
When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .	
When the twist endings were actually surprising ?	
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	
When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	
When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	
When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?	
When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .	
When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .	
Where 's the movie here ?	
Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	
Where the film falters is in its tone .	
Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	
Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .	
Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	
Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable .	
Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	
while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .	
While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .	
While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	
While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .	
While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .	
While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .	
While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .	
While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .	
While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .	
While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .	
While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	
While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .	
While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	
While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	
While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .	
While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .	
While kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .	
While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .	
While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	
While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .	
While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .	
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	
While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .	
While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .	
While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	
While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	
While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .	
While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	
While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	
While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	
While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	
While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	
While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	
While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	
While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	
While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .	
While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .	
While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .	
White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	
White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	
Who is this movie for ?	
Who knew ...	
Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?	
Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .	
Why ?	
Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	
Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	
Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	
Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .	
Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	
Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	
Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	
Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award .	
Wise and deadpan humorous .	
Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	
Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .	
Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there	
Wishy-washy .	
With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...	
With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .	
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .	
With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .	
With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	
With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .	
With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera	
With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .	
With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	
With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	
With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .	
With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	
With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .	
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment	
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .	
With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .	
With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .	
With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	
With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .	
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	
With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .	
With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .	
With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .	
With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .	
With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	
With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .	
With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .	
With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .	
With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .	
With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .	
With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .	
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	
With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .	
With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .	
Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .	
Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	
Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	
Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	
Witless but watchable .	
Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .	
Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	
Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai	
Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?	
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .	
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	
works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .	
Works as pretty contagious fun .	
Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	
World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	
Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	
Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	
Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .	
Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .	
Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .	
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .	
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	
would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	
Would I see it again ?	
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '	
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	
Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?	
Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .	
Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?	
Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	
Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	
Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	
Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '	
Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	
Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	
Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .	
Y	
Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .	
Yes , soar .	
Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .	
Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	
Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .	
Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .	
Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	
Yet the act is still charming here .	
Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	
Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .	
You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .	
You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	
You 'll cry for your money back .	
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	
You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .	
You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	
You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	
You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .	
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .	
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .	
You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .	
You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	
You can thank me for this .	
You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	
You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	
You come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .	
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	
You could hate it for the same reason .	
You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .	
You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	
You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .	
You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .	
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	
You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .	
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .	
You have to see it .	
You just know something terrible is going to happen .	
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	
You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	
You live the mood rather than savour the story .	
You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .	
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	
You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .	
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .	
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .	
You want to call Domino 's .	
You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	
You will likely prefer to keep on watching .	
You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .	
You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .	
You wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .	
You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	
Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !	
Your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .	
Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .	
Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .	
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a	
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	
